split up ecsql reference into indiviual files, remove iframed iModel … (#6377)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/learning/ECSqlReference/Literals.md

# NULL, NUMBER, STRING & BOOLEAN Literals

> ECSQL support following primitive types but not all can be declared as literal in ECSQL though can be inserted/updated and queried in ECSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECSQL supports the following primitive types. Not all can be declared as literals in ECSQL, though they can be inserted/updated and queried in ECSQL.
```
